_------------------------------------------------------------------Music App------------------------------------------------------------------_

This app was created for Ubiquitous applications technologies, an erasmus student subject. Is a Music App built with React Native, designed to provide users with a seamless music streaming experience. The app includes features such as user authentication, playlist management, and music playback.

_Table of Contents_

- Features
- Installation
- Usage
- Technologies Used
- Contact

---

_Features_

- User authentication (Sign In / Sign Up)
- Create and manage playlists
- Add and remove songs from playlists
- View popular playlists
- Custom user data management
- Responsive design for different screen sizes and orientations

_Installation_

1.  Clone repositori:

        npm install it clone https://github.com/NooaahGL/App.git
        cd app

2.  Install dependencies:

        npm install

3.  Set up Firebase:
    - Create a Firebase project in the Firebase Console.
    - Add your app to the Firebase project.
    - Copy the Firebase configuration and replace the contents of 'firebaseConfig.js' in the 'auth' directory with your configuration.
4.  Set up Spotify API:
    - Create a Spotify developer account and create a new application.
    - Copy the client ID and client secret.
    - Replace the contents of spotifyConfig.js with your client ID and client secret.
5.  Start the application:

        npx expo start

_Usage_

- Running on an emulator:
  - For iOS, use Xcode and open the project workspace.
  - For Android, use Android Studio and ensure you have an emulator configured.
- Running on a physical device:
  - Install the Expo Go app on your device.
  - Scan the QR code generated by expo start.

_Technologies Used_

- React Native: Framework for building native apps using React.
- Expo: Toolchain for building and deploying React Native apps.
- Firebase: Backend services for authentication, database, and storage.
- Spotify API: For fetching music data and managing playlists.

_Contact_

- Ainhoa García Linares
  - ainhoa.garcia@student.um.si
- Héctor Rodríguez Martín
  - hector.rodriguez@student.um.si
- David Costa Touriño
  - david.costa@student.um.si
